Discover personal profile from WebID profile doc (#1335)
inrupt/solid-client-js: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### New features

> - `getProfileAll`: functions to discover one's personal profile (which may be a
>   Solid resource) if discoverable from their WebID profile document (which may NOT
>   be a Solid resource).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `getProfileAll`: function to discover the WebID Profile Document and its associated
  FOAF Profile Document resources from the WebID URI. Note that Profile documents
  may or not be Solid Resources
```

It is not necessarily "one's" or "personal" (a bot/group/organisation can be identified via a WebID).
All profile documents may or not be a Solid resource (the warning going one way, then the other is confusing to me).

Reviewer: PS: also, there is only one function, so either way we need to loose the "s".

> - `getWebIdProfileAll` and `getWebIdProfileAll`: functions to discover one's personal
>   profile (which may be a Solid resource) if discoverable from their WebID profile
>   document (which may NOT be a Solid resource).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `getProfileAll` and `getProfile`: functions to discover the profile documents
  associated with a WebID profile document. Note that both the WebID profile
  document and its associated profile documents may or may not be a Solid
  resource (said resource(s) would only be editable via the SDK in the former case).
```
